W-19719053-agent-fabric-stakeholder-feedback-on-first-draft-mk (#507)
mulesoft/docs-code-builder: modules/ROOT/pages/af-get-started.adoc

=== Agent Network Prerequisites

> [cols="1,2,2",options="header",frame=all,grid=all]

Reviewer: @melissa-kulm-sfdc1 we need to add somewhere what customers need to execute to download the agent-fabric-cli-plugin:
`npm i anypoint-cli-agent-fabric-plugin`

|===
| Task | Product Prerequisites | Permissions and Access Prerequisites

| *Set up Agent Fabric* |  | 

| Create target space using Anypoint Runtime Manager | Managed Flex Gateway with target space entitlements. At least one small Managed Flex Gateway and one large Managed Flex Gateway are required. 
{sp} +
{sp} +
CloudHub 2.0 or Runtime Fabric |

| Set up ingress and egress gateways for target space using Anypoint Code Builder desktop command palette command | Managed Flex Gateway with target space entitlements. At least one small Managed Flex Gateway and one large Managed Flex Gateway are required. 
{sp} +
{sp} +

> Anypoint Code Builder. For more information, see link:https://docs.mulesoft.com/anypoint-code-builder/start-acb-desktop[Setting Up the Desktop IDE]. | Runtime Manager: Manage Servers permission

Reviewer 2: link in xref format

> Anypoint Code Builder. For more information, see link:https://docs.mulesoft.com/anypoint-code-builder/start-acb-desktop[Setting Up the Desktop IDE]. | Runtime Manager: Manage Servers permission

Author: ```suggestion
Anypoint Code Builder. For more information, see xref:start-acb-desktop.adoc[]. | Runtime Manager: Manage Servers permission
```

| Set up ingress and egress gateways for target space using Anypoint CLI | Managed Flex Gateway with target space entitlements. At least one small Managed Flex Gateway and one large Managed Flex Gateway are required. 
{sp} +
{sp} +
Java 17. Since agent network binaries require Java to build the agent network, make sure you install Java 17 on your machine and set the JAVA_HOME environment variable.
{sp} +
{sp} +
Node 20 (v20.19.4). For more information, see link:https://nodejs.org/en/download[Download Node.js].| Runtime Manager: Manage Servers permission

| *Create project* |  | 

> | Create project using Anypoint Code Builder desktop with MuleSoft Dev Agent | Anypoint Code Builder. For more information, see link:https://docs.mulesoft.com/anypoint-code-builder/start-acb-desktop[Setting Up the Desktop IDE]. 

Author: ```suggestion
| Create project using Anypoint Code Builder desktop with MuleSoft Dev Agent | Anypoint Code Builder. For more information, see xref:start-acb-desktop.adoc[]. 
```

{sp} +
{sp} +
PowerShell (Windows operating systems only). For more information, see link:https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/scripting/install/installing-powershell-on-windows?view=powershell-7.3[Installing PowerShell on Windows]. 
{sp} +
{sp} +

> Einstein enablement in Access Management. For more information, see link:https://docs.mulesoft.com/access-management/enabling-einstein[Enabling Einstein for Anypoint Platform]. 

Author: ```suggestion
Einstein enablement in Access Management. For more information, see xref:access-management::enabling-einstein.adoc[]. 
```

> Einstein enablement in Access Management. For more information, see link:https://docs.mulesoft.com/access-management/enabling-einstein[Enabling Einstein for Anypoint Platform]. 

Reviewer 2: link in xref format

{sp} +
{sp} +
Anypoint Platform credentials. | A tenant relationship established with a trusted Salesforce organization. 
{sp} +
{sp} +
Configure your allowlist. For more information, see xref:urls-to-allow.adoc[]. 
{sp} +
{sp} + 
Anypoint Code Builder permissions: Anypoint Code Builder Developer, Mule Developer Generative AI User

> | Create project using Anypoint Code Builder desktop UI or command palette commands | Anypoint Code Builder. For more information, see link:https://docs.mulesoft.com/anypoint-code-builder/start-acb-desktop[Setting Up the Desktop IDE]. 

Author: ```suggestion
| Create project using Anypoint Code Builder desktop UI or command palette commands | Anypoint Code Builder. For more information, see xref:start-acb-desktop.adoc[]. 
```

> | Create project using Anypoint Code Builder desktop UI or command palette commands | Anypoint Code Builder. For more information, see link:https://docs.mulesoft.com/anypoint-code-builder/start-acb-desktop[Setting Up the Desktop IDE]. 

Reviewer 2: link in xref format

{sp} +
{sp} +
PowerShell (Windows operating systems only). For more information, see link:https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/scripting/install/installing-powershell-on-windows?view=powershell-7.3[Installing PowerShell on Windows]. | Configure your allowlist. For more information, see xref:urls-to-allow.adoc[].

| Create project using Anypoint CLI | Java 17. Since agent network binaries require Java to build the agent network, make sure you install Java 17 on your machine and set the JAVA_HOME environment variable. 
{sp} +
{sp} +
Node 20 (v20.19.4). For more information, see link:https://nodejs.org/en/download[Download Node.js]. | Runtime Manager: Manage Servers permission

| *Define agent network specification* |  | 

> | Add Exchange assets to project using Anypoint Code Builder desktop with MuleSoft Dev Agent | Einstein enablement in Access Management. For more information, see link:https://docs.mulesoft.com/access-management/enabling-einstein[Enabling Einstein for Anypoint Platform]. 

Author: ```suggestion
| Add Exchange assets to project using Anypoint Code Builder desktop with MuleSoft Dev Agent | Einstein enablement in Access Management. For more information, see xref:access-management::enabling-einstein.adoc[]. 
```

> | Add Exchange assets to project using Anypoint Code Builder desktop with MuleSoft Dev Agent | Einstein enablement in Access Management. For more information, see link:https://docs.mulesoft.com/access-management/enabling-einstein[Enabling Einstein for Anypoint Platform]. 

Reviewer 2: link in xref format

{sp} +
{sp} +
Login credentials to your LLM instance. For supported LLMs, see xref:af-agent-networks.adoc[]. 
{sp} +
{sp} +
Allowlist Anypoint Code Builder URLs. For more information, see xref:urls-to-allow.adoc[]. 
{sp} +
{sp} +
Anypoint Design Center: Design Center Developer permission

| Add Exchange assets to project using Anypoint CLI | Java 17. Since agent network binaries require Java to build the agent network, make sure you install Java 17 on your machine and set the JAVA_HOME environment variable. 
{sp} +
{sp} +
Node 20 (v20.19.4). For more information, see link:https://nodejs.org/en/download[Download Node.js]. | Runtime Manager: Manage Servers and Anypoint Design Center: Design Center Developer permissions

| *Build project (applies only to CLI)* |  | 

| Build project using Anypoint CLI | Java 17. Since agent network binaries require Java to build the agent network, make sure you install Java 17 on your machine and set the JAVA_HOME environment variable. 
{sp} +
{sp} +
Node 20 (v20.19.4). For more information, see link:https://nodejs.org/en/download[Download Node.js]. | Runtime Manager: Manage Servers permission

| *Publish project assets to Exchange* |  | 

> | Publish project assets using Anypoint Code Builder desktop with MuleSoft Dev Agent | Einstein enablement in Access Management. For more information, see link:https://docs.mulesoft.com/access-management/enabling-einstein[Enabling Einstein for Anypoint Platform]. 

Author: ```suggestion
| Publish project assets using Anypoint Code Builder desktop with MuleSoft Dev Agent | Einstein enablement in Access Management. For more information, see xref:access-management::enabling-einstein.adoc[]. 
```

> | Publish project assets using Anypoint Code Builder desktop with MuleSoft Dev Agent | Einstein enablement in Access Management. For more information, see link:https://docs.mulesoft.com/access-management/enabling-einstein[Enabling Einstein for Anypoint Platform]. 

Reviewer 2: link in xref format

{sp} +
{sp} +
Anypoint Platform credentials. | A tenant relationship established with a trusted Salesforce organization.
{sp} +
{sp} +
Allowlist Anypoint Code Builder URLs. For more information, see xref:urls-to-allow.adoc[]. 
{sp} +
{sp} +

> Anypoint Exchange: Exchange Contributor permission. For more information, see link:https://docs.mulesoft.com/access-management/permissions-by-product#exchange[Permissions - Exchange].

Author: ```suggestion
Anypoint Exchange: Exchange Contributor permission. For more information, see xref:access-management::permissions-by-product.adoc#exchange[].
```

> Anypoint Exchange: Exchange Contributor permission. For more information, see link:https://docs.mulesoft.com/access-management/permissions-by-product#exchange[Permissions - Exchange].

Reviewer 2: link in xref format

| Publish project assets using Anypoint Code Builder desktop UI or command palette commands |  | Allowlist Anypoint Code Builder URLs. For more information, see xref:urls-to-allow.adoc[]. 
{sp} +
{sp} +

> Anypoint Exchange: Exchange Contributor permission. For more information, see link:https://docs.mulesoft.com/access-management/permissions-by-product#exchange[Permissions - Exchange].

Author: ```suggestion
Anypoint Exchange: Exchange Contributor permission. For more information, see xref:access-management::permissions-by-product.adoc#exchange[].
```

> Anypoint Exchange: Exchange Contributor permission. For more information, see link:https://docs.mulesoft.com/access-management/permissions-by-product#exchange[Permissions - Exchange].

Reviewer 2: link in xref format

| Publish project assets using Anypoint CLI | Java 17. Since agent network binaries require Java to build the agent network, make sure you install Java 17 on your machine and set the JAVA_HOME environment variable.
{sp} +
{sp} +
Node 20 (v20.19.4). For more information, see link:https://nodejs.org/en/download[Download Node.js]. | Anypoint Exchange: Exchange Contributor and Runtime Manager: Manage Servers permissions

| *Deploy project instance* |  | 

> | Deploy project instance using Anypoint Code Builder desktop with MuleSoft Dev Agent | Einstein enablement in Access Management. For more information, see link:https://docs.mulesoft.com/access-management/enabling-einstein[Enabling Einstein for Anypoint Platform]. 

Author: ```suggestion
| Deploy project instance using Anypoint Code Builder desktop with MuleSoft Dev Agent | Einstein enablement in Access Management. For more information, see xref:access-management::enabling-einstein.adoc[]. 
```

> | Deploy project instance using Anypoint Code Builder desktop with MuleSoft Dev Agent | Einstein enablement in Access Management. For more information, see link:https://docs.mulesoft.com/access-management/enabling-einstein[Enabling Einstein for Anypoint Platform]. 

Reviewer 2: link in xref format

{sp} +
{sp} +
Anypoint Platform credentials. | A tenant relationship established with a trusted Salesforce organization. 
{sp} +
{sp} +
Allowlist Anypoint Code Builder URLs. For more information, see xref:urls-to-allow.adoc[]. 
{sp} +
{sp} +
API Manager: Deploy API Proxies and Manage Policies and Runtime Manager: Create Applications permissions

| Deploy project instance using Anypoint Code Builder desktop UI or command palette commands |  | Allowlist Anypoint Code Builder URLs. For more information, see xref:urls-to-allow.adoc[]. 
{sp} +
{sp} +
API Manager: Deploy API Proxies and Manage Policies and Runtime Manager: Create Applications permissions

| Deploy project instance using Anypoint CLI | Java 17. Since agent network binaries require Java to build the agent network, make sure you install Java 17 on your machine and set the JAVA_HOME environment variable.
{sp} +
{sp} +
Node 20 (v20.19.4). For more information, see link:https://nodejs.org/en/download[Download Node.js]. | API Manager: Deploy API Proxies and Manage Policies and Runtime Manager: Create Applications permissions

|===

== Create a Target Space for Your Environment

> To deploy an agent network, you need a target space. You can either create a private space for CloudHub 2.0 deployment or a namespace for Runtime Fabric. For more information about Runtime Fabric deployments, see link:https://docs.mulesoft.com/runtime-fabric/latest/create-custom-namespace[Creating Namespaces for Application Deployments].

Author: ```suggestion
To deploy an agent network, you need a target space. You can either create a private space for CloudHub 2.0 deployment or a namespace for Runtime Fabric. For more information about Runtime Fabric deployments, see xref:runtime-fabric::create-custom-namespace.adoc[].
```

> To deploy an agent network, you need a target space. You can either create a private space for CloudHub 2.0 deployment or a namespace for Runtime Fabric. For more information about Runtime Fabric deployments, see link:https://docs.mulesoft.com/runtime-fabric/latest/create-custom-namespace[Creating Namespaces for Application Deployments].

Reviewer 2: link in xref format

=== Create a Private Space for CloudHub 2.0 Deployment

. Open Anypoint Runtime Manager.
. Select the environment to use.
. Select **Private Spaces**.
. Select **Create private space**.
. Enter a name for the private space. We recommend `agent-network-space`.
. Select **Create**.
. Select **Create private network**.
. For the created private space, select **Environments**.
. Associate the space with the business group and environments you need to deploy your agent network to. You must complete this step so that the private space appears as a valid deployment target in Anypoint Code Builder and Anypoint CLI.

== Set Up Agent Network Gateways for Your Target Space

> After you create a private space, set up the ingress and egress gateways for deployment. For agent networks, at least one small Managed Flex Gateway and one large Managed Flex Gateway is required in your environment. For more information about gateways, see link:https://docs.mulesoft.com/gateway/latest/flex-architecture-basic-deployments[Flex Gateway Deployment Models]. 

Author: ```suggestion
After you create a private space, set up the ingress and egress gateways for deployment. For agent networks, at least one small Managed Flex Gateway and one large Managed Flex Gateway is required in your environment. For more information about gateways, see xref:gateway::flex-architecture-basic-deployments.adoc[]. 
```

> After you create a private space, set up the ingress and egress gateways for deployment. For agent networks, at least one small Managed Flex Gateway and one large Managed Flex Gateway is required in your environment. For more information about gateways, see link:https://docs.mulesoft.com/gateway/latest/flex-architecture-basic-deployments[Flex Gateway Deployment Models]. 

Reviewer 2: link in xref format

=== Agent Network Prerequisites

[cols="1,2,2",options="header",frame=all,grid=all]
|===
| Task | Product Prerequisites | Permissions and Access Prerequisites

> | *Set up Agent Fabric* |  | 

Reviewer 3: Please say Agent Network and not Agent Fabric. 
Agent Fabric is a much larger concept/framework with many entry points, some of which don't require these pre-reqs.

Author: Done!

> | *Set up Agent Fabric* |  | 

Author: ```suggestion
| *Set up Agent Network* |  | 
```

| Create target space using Anypoint Runtime Manager | Managed Flex Gateway with target space entitlements. At least one small Managed Flex Gateway and one large Managed Flex Gateway are required. 
{sp} +
{sp} +
CloudHub 2.0 or Runtime Fabric (limited availability) |

| Set up ingress and egress gateways for target space using Anypoint Code Builder desktop command palette command | Managed Flex Gateway with target space entitlements. At least one small Managed Flex Gateway and one large Managed Flex Gateway are required. 
{sp} +
{sp} +
Anypoint Code Builder. For more information, see xref:start-acb-desktop.adoc[]. | Runtime Manager: Manage Servers permission

| Set up ingress and egress gateways for target space using Anypoint CLI | Managed Flex Gateway with target space entitlements. At least one small Managed Flex Gateway and one large Managed Flex Gateway are required. 
{sp} +
{sp} +
Java 17. Since agent network binaries require Java to build the agent network, make sure you install Java 17 on your machine and set the JAVA_HOME environment variable.
{sp} +
{sp} +
Node 20 (v20.19.4). For more information, see link:https://nodejs.org/en/download[Download Node.js].
{sp} +
{sp} +

> Anypoint CLI Agent Fabric Plugin. For more information, see link:https://www.npmjs.com/package/anypoint-cli-agent-fabric-plugin[Anypoint CLI Agent Fabric plugin]. | Runtime Manager: Manage Servers permission

Author: @lbauret Added this line throughout prerequisite table
